Penda Corp full reset — wipe and rebuild from scratch through the AI pipeline only.
Penda's current state is contaminated from earlier today (e2e test stubs in driver roster, broken cached schema producing "no name on doc," empty extractedRows triggering the stale-preview confirm loop). Rather than chase each symptom, do a clean wipe of all Penda-specific state and let it re-learn from zero through Claude.
Scope is strictly Penda. Do not touch other customers' data, schemas, or roster entries.
Step 1 — Inventory what's there. Before deleting anything, dump (to a log or a quarantine table) the current Penda state so we can verify the cleanup and confirm we didn't kill real data:

All rows in the schema/recipe cache (e.g. customer_schemas, readWithRoles cache, or wherever Penda's learned format lives) keyed to Penda Corp
All rows in ai_extract_samples for Penda
All rows in customer_upload_attempts for Penda
All driver roster entries currently associated with Penda Corp — flag any with names matching E2E Penda Stub*, e2e-onb-pen-*, or other obvious test-fixture patterns
All punch records currently attributed to those flagged test-stub drivers
All entries in driver-id-aliases (or equivalent) keyed to Penda Corp — including the 16 "not a driver — never import for Penda Corp" mappings I set today

Save this inventory to a file. We may need it for forensics.
Step 2 — Delete the contaminated state. In one transaction:

Delete all Penda Corp entries from the schema/recipe cache → forces re-derivation on next upload
Delete all Penda rows from ai_extract_samples → clears any stale preview state
Delete all Penda rows from customer_upload_attempts → clears the badge state in the UI
Delete the test-stub driver rows that match the e2e fixture patterns (and any punches assigned to those stubs)
Delete the 16 "not a driver" alias entries I created today — they were created against a broken extraction, so the badge IDs may not match what a clean extract produces
Do NOT delete legitimate Penda driver roster entries from real prior work

Step 3 — Force the AI path on next Penda upload. Confirm in code that for Penda Corp specifically:

There is no native xlsx parser registered (the old deterministic parsers should already be removed per #277, but verify Penda isn't somehow still bound to one)
The extract route will see no cached schema and run a fresh structure probe + chunked extraction through Claude
The "Reading… Chunk X of Y" progress indicator should fire visibly (proves Claude is actually being called)

Step 4 — Verify the clean state. Run these checks before reporting back:

SELECT count(*) FROM customer_schemas WHERE customer = 'Penda Corp' → expect 0
SELECT count(*) FROM ai_extract_samples WHERE customer = 'Penda Corp' → expect 0
SELECT count(*) FROM customer_upload_attempts WHERE customer = 'Penda Corp' → expect 0
Driver roster for Penda Corp shows no e2e stubs
The customer-files panel shows Penda Corp as "Not uploaded" with no red badge

Step 5 — Stop e2e tests touching prod data. Separately and immediately: gate the self-onboarding-penda e2e spec (and any other onboarding e2e specs) so they cannot run against production database. They should only run against an isolated test database that gets torn down. This is the root cause of the stub contamination and must be fixed before any demo work continues.
Step 6 — Report back with:

The pre-deletion inventory counts from Step 1
Confirmation Step 4 checks all returned expected results
Confirmation Step 5 e2e gating is in place
A clear "Penda is reset, please re-upload the file and it will run fresh through Claude"

Then I'll do one clean Penda upload and we can verify the whole pipeline works end-to-end against a real customer with no contamination.

Why this works

Inventory first, delete second. If anything goes wrong, you have the data to restore. Cheap insurance.
Scoped to Penda only. No risk to TriEnda, Burnett, Adient, etc. They keep their (presumably clean) cached schemas.
Deletes the alias mappings too. This is important — the 16 "not a driver" entries you created today were against a broken extraction. The badge IDs in those entries may not exist in a real Penda file, or may belong to actual drivers the broken extraction couldn't name. Wiping them lets you re-do the triage cleanly against the correct extraction.
Forces visible Claude call. The "Reading… Chunk X of Y" indicator is your proof that the AI path is running. If you don't see it on the next Penda upload, the deletion didn't fully reset the bypass.
Fixes the test-stub root cause. Step 5 is the non-negotiable one. If e2e tests can write to prod, this whole exercise is wasted — the stubs will come back next time the test runs.